Update sign multisig (#427)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/guide/sign-multisig.md

Considering the above scenario, say if `Alice` wants to create a new multisignature transaction file, she can use:
```bash
algob sign-multisig --account alice --file unsigned.txn --v 1 --thr 2 --addrs <alice-addr>,<bob-addr>,<john-addr>
```

Additional flags passed are described below (note that these are required only in case of creating a new multisig transaction):
* `--v <version>`: Multisig version.
* `--thr <threshold>`: Multisig threshold.
* `--addrs <addr1>,<addr2>..<addrN>`: Comma separated addresses comprising of the multsig (addr1,addr2,..). Order is important.

Alternatively, you can also use [`signMultiSig`](https://algobuilder.dev/api/algob/modules.html#signmultisig) function to create a new multisignature transaction, or append a signature to an existing one in a transaction.

### Group transaction

In case that the transaction file has a (msgpack encoded) transaction group, you can pass `--group-index` flag with `algob sign-multisig`, to specify the transaction which needs to be signed. Eg.
```bash
algob sign-multisig --account john --file group.txn --group-index 1
```

> The above **will sign 2nd transaction** from the transactions in input file, and output the resulting group (with 2nd transaction signed, rest same as original) in `group_out.txn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above **will sign 2nd transaction** in `group.txn` file, and output the updated group (with 2nd transaction signed, rest same as original) in `group_out.txn`.
```
